Remove accordion issue from accessibility statement (#3532)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/accessibility-statement.md

Additional accessibility concerns from the GOV.UK Frontend codebase include:

> 1.  The details component does not work well with Dragon and VoiceOver. This is not an issue with our details component, but is a known issue with the assistive tech and the `<details>` HTML element. Track our progress on the [GitHub issue: ‘Details component does not work well with Dragon and VoiceOver’](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/3693).
> 2.  [A bug within Dragon means no action is taken when trying to activate the file upload component](https://github.com/alphagov/reported-bugs/issues/35) through the command ‘click choose file’. This is a usability issue originating from the assistive technology. The team does not plan on fixing this, as the assistive technology will need to resolve it. Track our progress on the [GitHub issue: ‘Upload file component doesn’t respond to ‘click choose file’ due to Dragon / browser bugs’](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/3686).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  The details component does not work well with Dragon and VoiceOver. This is not an issue with our details component, but is a known issue with the assistive technology and the `<details>` HTML element. Track our progress on the [GitHub issue: ‘Details component does not work well with Dragon and VoiceOver’](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/3693).
2.  [A bug within Dragon means no action is taken when trying to activate the file upload component](https://github.com/alphagov/reported-bugs/issues/35) through the command ‘click choose file’. This is a usability issue originating from the assistive technology. The team does not plan to fix this, as the assistive technology will need to resolve it. Track our progress on the [GitHub issue: ‘Upload file component doesn’t respond to ‘click choose file’ due to Dragon / browser bugs’](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/3686).
```
